README.md, before:

Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif) My name is Zachary Nasser
=======================================================================================================================================

Computer Information Systems and Data Analytics Major
-----------------------------------------------------

A student at the University of North Alabama

<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.oracle.com/java/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/java-colored.svg" alt="Java" title="Java" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/javascript-colored.svg" alt="JavaScript" title="JavaScript" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" alt="Python" title="Python" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/visualstudiocode-colored.svg" alt="VS Code" title="VS Code" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://www.vim.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/vim-colored.svg" alt="Vim" title="Vim" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" alt="HTML5" title="HTML5" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/css3-colored.svg" alt="CSS3" title="CSS3" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://getbootstrap.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/bootstrap-colored.svg" alt="Bootstrap" title="Bootstrap" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mysql-colored.svg" alt="MySQL" title="MySQL" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://cloud.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/googlecloud-colored.svg" alt="Google Cloud" title="Google Cloud" width="36" height="36" /></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Update README formatting and add profile link

README.md, after:

Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif) My name is Zachary Nasser
=======================================================================================================================================

#Computer Information Systems and Data Analytics Major
-----------------------------------------------------

#A student at the University of North Alabama

<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.oracle.com/java/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/java-colored.svg" alt="Java" title="Java" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/javascript-colored.svg" alt="JavaScript" title="JavaScript" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" alt="Python" title="Python" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/visualstudiocode-colored.svg" alt="VS Code" title="VS Code" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://www.vim.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/vim-colored.svg" alt="Vim" title="Vim" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" alt="HTML5" title="HTML5" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/css3-colored.svg" alt="CSS3" title="CSS3" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://getbootstrap.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/bootstrap-colored.svg" alt="Bootstrap" title="Bootstrap" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mysql-colored.svg" alt="MySQL" title="MySQL" width="36" height="36" /></a><a href="https://cloud.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/googlecloud-colored.svg" alt="Google Cloud" title="Google Cloud" width="36" height="36" /></a>
</p>

#Link to developer Profile: (Project Echo):
