docs/knowledgeReflection.md, before:


# Knowledge Reflection

## Key Terms:

### IS Architecture:
Information Systems Architecture (ISA) is a framework for designing, implementing, and operating information systems. It helps organizations understand how their current systems work with each other, what their limitations are, and what they need to do to correct them.

Source: https://medium.com/@razamohammeds/the-ultimate-guide-to-information-systems-architecture-isa-c83621426831
 
### IT Infrastructure:
Information technology infrastructure (IT infrastructure) refers to hardware, software and networking components enterprises rely on to manage and run their IT environments effectively.

Source: https://www.ibm.com/think/topics/infrastructure

### RESTful API:
RESTful API is an interface that two computer systems use to exchange information securely over the internet. Most business applications have to communicate with other internal and third-party applications to perform various tasks. 

Source: https://aws.amazon.com/what-is/restful-api/

### fetch API:
The Fetch API provides an interface for fetching resources (including across the network). The Fetch API uses Request and Response objects (and other things involved with network requests), as well as related concepts such as CORS and the HTTP Origin header semantics.

Sources: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API


Explain your APP infra & arch
# Infrastructure
Github
* Pages
* Source Code
* Wiki
* Issues

Languages
* HTML 5
* CSS 3
* JavaScript
* Markdown


Wireframe

Libraries:
* Bootstrap 5
* Bootstrap Icon
* normalize

Dev Tools:
* Visual Studio Code
  * Live Server
 * Chrome
 * ChatGPT 5.1


validation Tools:
* NU Validator
* Wave Validator
* Lighthouse Validator


# Architecture
### User Story:
* As a web developer I want to create a website to effectively show my skills and projects so that people dont have to search for them seperately.

WorkFLow:
* Follows agile processes
  * Seperated tasks using issues
  * Frequently updated code in iterations
* Wireframes created to layout design idea
* VS code is used to code locally with live server
* Github is used for deployment
* Web sources are used frequently for libraries

  

![Architecture Flow](https://znasser46.github.io/znasser46/images/architectureFlow.png)


## A final Takeaway:
"Understand the ways to edit code locally and connect it to my hosted site fully. This provides a much more seamless experience overall."

Commit message:

Update knowledgeReflection.md with final takeaway
Added a final takeaway to emphasize the importance of connecting local code changes to the live application.

docs/knowledgeReflection.md, after:


# Knowledge Reflection

## Key Terms:

### IS Architecture:
Information Systems Architecture (ISA) is a framework for designing, implementing, and operating information systems. It helps organizations understand how their current systems work with each other, what their limitations are, and what they need to do to correct them.

Source: https://medium.com/@razamohammeds/the-ultimate-guide-to-information-systems-architecture-isa-c83621426831
 
### IT Infrastructure:
Information technology infrastructure (IT infrastructure) refers to hardware, software and networking components enterprises rely on to manage and run their IT environments effectively.

Source: https://www.ibm.com/think/topics/infrastructure

### RESTful API:
RESTful API is an interface that two computer systems use to exchange information securely over the internet. Most business applications have to communicate with other internal and third-party applications to perform various tasks. 

Source: https://aws.amazon.com/what-is/restful-api/

### fetch API:
The Fetch API provides an interface for fetching resources (including across the network). The Fetch API uses Request and Response objects (and other things involved with network requests), as well as related concepts such as CORS and the HTTP Origin header semantics.

Sources: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API


Explain your APP infra & arch
# Infrastructure
Github
* Pages
* Source Code
* Wiki
* Issues

Languages
* HTML 5
* CSS 3
* JavaScript
* Markdown


Wireframe

Libraries:
* Bootstrap 5
* Bootstrap Icon
* normalize

Dev Tools:
* Visual Studio Code
  * Live Server
 * Chrome
 * ChatGPT 5.1


validation Tools:
* NU Validator
* Wave Validator
* Lighthouse Validator


# Architecture
### User Story:
* As a web developer I want to create a website to effectively show my skills and projects so that people dont have to search for them seperately.

WorkFLow:
* Follows agile processes
  * Seperated tasks using issues
  * Frequently updated code in iterations
* Wireframes created to layout design idea
* VS code is used to code locally with live server
* Github is used for deployment
* Web sources are used frequently for libraries

  

![Architecture Flow](https://znasser46.github.io/znasser46/images/architectureFlow.png)


## A final Takeaway:
"Understand the ways to edit code locally and connect it to my hosted site fully. This provides a much more seamless experience overall. This would help prevent updating code locally and not seeing the change because of it not being connected to the live app."
